- move it move it he likes to move it
move it she likes to move it move it we
like - we're gonna miss you little fuzz
buckets glad we could introduce you to
the toilet hey surprise thanks I am
coming with you stop that thing he's
carrying scissors and hand cream buckle
up boys
don't look down this might get hairy
lunch
skipper look
analysis it looks like a small
incandescent bulb designed to indicate
something out of the ordinary like a
malfunction right Rico Manuel mm-hmm
blame us ow
my goodness Dahlia shaking like a leaf
who says a penguin can't fly are you
gonna fix this we should be up and
running in say six to nine months 69
months so six to nine months who made
you king of the plane wreck excuse me